Update readme with variables section (#4)
dwyl/learn-dart: README.md

- Comments
- Libraries and Packages

### Variables

> There are multiple ways (too many?) for creating variables with Dart:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several ways to define variables in Dart:
```

> There are multiple ways (too many?) for creating variables with Dart:

Reviewer: @iteles / @SimonLab it's quite simple: we should use `const` as often as we can followed by `final`. We should treat our `Dart` code as ***immutable*** and only in _rare_ occasions should we use `var` when it's clearly justified. I don't see a reason to _ever_ use `dynamic` do you? (_if we don't know what data to expect from a client/user, we shouldn't be building the input..._)

#### The keyword `var`:

```dart
var a;
a = 42;
a = 'hello'
```

> On this exemple the varible a is first declared,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example the variable `a` is first declared,
```

> then on another line initialised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then initialised on the next line.
```

> On the last line the new `'hello` value is assigned to `a`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the last line the new `'hello'` value is assigned to `a`.
```

However because Dart is a [statically typed language](https://dart.dev/faq#q-is-dart-a-statically-typed-language),

> the following code won't compile as `a` is now declared and initialised at the same time,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the following code won't compile as `a` was previously declared and initialised at the same time,
```

> ie `a` is created and linked to values with a specific type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
i.e. `a` is created and linked to values with a specific type (_`int`_)
```

**error**
```dart
var a = 42;
a = 'hello'
```

#### Type name

```dart
int a;
a = 42;

> a = 52'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a = 52;
```
fix line ending from single quote to semicolon.

```

A type name can be used to create variables.

> On this example `a` is declare with the type `int`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example `a` is declared with the type `int`,
```

then the value `42` is assigned to `a`.

> On the last line another int value is assinged to `a`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the last line `a` is assigned a new `int` value.
```

> It is also possible to declare and assign at the same time the variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to declare and assign a value to a variable at the same time:
```

```dart
int a = 42;
```

> However Dart will produce an error if multiple assignements are done

Reviewer 2: Is this the same as your 'However' on line 91 or subtly different and I'm not quite seeing it yet?

Author: Yes that's right, the type int for 42 and the type String for 'hello' are different so there is a conflict when assigning a new value to the variable. I'll add a comment in the code example :+1:

with different type of values:

**error**
```dart
int a;
a = 42;
a = 'hello'
```

#### The `final` keyword

`final` can be used to create a constant variable.

> The varible needs to be declared and initialised at the same time!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The variable _has_ to be declared and initialised at the same time!
```

> `final` can be used to create a constant variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`final` can be used to create a constant.
```
`constant != variable` ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Constant_(computer_programming)

> The variable _has_ to be declared and initialised at the same time!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A constant _must_ be declared and initialised at the same time 
and cannot be changed once it has been declared.
```

```dart
final a = 42;
```

**error**
```dart
final a;
a = 42;
```

> The type of the variable can be also used with `final`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The type of the variable/constant can be also used with `final`:
```

```dart
final int a = 42;
```

> Reassigning the variable created with `final` will produce an error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attempting to reassign a constant created with `final` keyword will produce an error:
```

**error**
```dart
final int a = 42;
a = 52;
```

#### The `const` keyword

The `const` keyword is another way for creating constant value.
The difference with `final` is that the variable created with `const`

> needs to be initialised at compile time.

Reviewer 2: Might be worth briefly noting what the effect is of it only being initialised at compile time here

Author: :smile: I hesitated to mention `const` as I'll need to read more about the details and differences with `final`

Reviewer 2: 👍 😊 We can come back to this one!

Reviewer: The difference is quite simple. a `const` must be a _known_ value at _compile_ time whereas a `final` can be declared during `runtime`. So I can fetch a value from a DB or another function as a `final` but I cannot assign an _unknown_ to a `const`. 👍

> needs to be initialised at compile time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
must be initialised at ***compiletime***, `const birth  = "2008/12/26"`
whereas a `final` value must be known at ***runtime***, `final birth  = getBirthFromDB()`. Neither can be changed after it has been initialised.
```

```dart
const int a = 42;
```

**error**
```dart
const int a = 42;
a = 52;
```

#### The `dynamic` keyword

> The `dynamic` keyword is used to create variable that

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `dynamic` keyword is used to create a variable that
```

> can contains value of different type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
can contain values of different types.
```

> a = 52;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a = 52; // attempting to assign a new value to a constant. 
```

> can contain values of different types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can contain values of different types. It should be used sparingly 
otherwise we lose the primary benefit of a statically typed language.
```

```dart
dynamic a;
a = 42;
a = 'hello'
```

Because the type of the variable can change,
we can't write the following:

```dart

> dynamic int a;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dynamic int a; // https://repl.it/repls/GreenDeadMatch
```
The error occurs _immediately_ on this line, the VM/compiler doesn't make it to the next line. see: https://repl.it/repls/GreenDeadMatch

Dart:

> 

Author: I'm not sure `trust-worthy` is the correct word for describing a language.
Google has killed many of its own project: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Google_products#Discontinued_products_and_services

Reviewer 2: I imagine that by trust-worthy here we're trying to refer to the credibility of the robustness of the language itself @miguelmartins17 ? If you expand on your thoughts we can help you rephrase 😊

- Backed by Google

> - Runs twice the speed of JavaScript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In some instances, Dart is up to [twice the speed](https://benchmarksgame-team.pages.debian.net/benchmarksgame/fastest/dart.html) of JavaScript
```
